[Music]
now the Lord said to Samuel how long
will you mourn for soul seeing I have
rejected him from reigning over Israel
fill your horn with oil and go I am
sending you to Jesse the bethlo might
for I have provided myself a king among
his sons how can I go
you saw hears it he will kill me
take a heifer with you and say I have
come to sacrifice to the Lord then
invite Jesse to the sacrifice and I will
show you what you shall do you shall
anoint for me the one I'm named to you
so Samuel did what the Lord said and
went to Bethlehem and the elders of the
town trembled at his coming and said do
you come peaceably peaceably
I have come to sacrifice to the Lord
sanctify yourselves and come with me to
the sacrifice then he consecrated Jesse
and his sons and invited them to the
sacrifice so it was when they came that
he looked at a lion and said surely the
Lord's anointed is before him but the
Lord said to Samuel do not look at his
appearance or at his physical stature
because I have refused him for the Lord
does not see as men's
for man looks at the outward appearance
but the Lord looks at the heart
so Jesse called a Binah dad and made him
passed before Samuel and he said neither
has the Lord chosen this one then Jesse
made Shama pass by and he said neither
has the Lord chosen this one
thus Jesse made seven of his sons passed
before Samuel and Samuel said to Jesse
the Lord has not chosen these are all
the young men here
they remained yet the youngest and there
he is keeping the Sheep send and bring
him for we will not sit down
till he comes here so he sent and
brought him in now he was ruddy with
bright eyes and good looking and the
Lord said arise anoint him for this is
the one then Samuel took the Horn of oil
and anointed him in the midst of his
brothers and the Spirit of the Lord came
upon David from that day forward so
samuel arose and went to Rhema but the
Spirit of the Lord departed from soul
and a distressing spirit from the Lord
troubled him and Saul servant said to
him surely a distressing spirit from God
is troubling you let our master now
command your servants were before you to
seek out a man who is a skillful player
on the heart and it shall be that he
will play it with his hand when the
distressing spirit from God is upon you
and you shall be well
provide me now a man who can play well
you bring him to me look I have seen a
son of Jesse the bethlo mite who is
skillful in playing a mighty man of
Valor a man of war prudent in speech and
a handsome person and the Lord is with
him
therefore Saul sent messengers to Jesse
and said send me your son David who is
with the Sheep and Jesse took a donkey
loaded with bread a skin of wine and a
young goat and sent them by his son
David to saw so David came to Seoul and
stood before him and he loved him
greatly
and he became his armor-bearer then Saul
sent to Jesse please let David stand
before me for he has found favor in my
sight
and so it was whenever the spirit from
God was upon soul that David would take
a heart and play it with his hand then
Saul would become refreshed and well and
the distressing spirit would depart from
him
[Music]
you